[Music]
small sandbox occupation is to leave
their basic understanding about ideas in
apps to do that to be able to interface
or finally how to store data how many
other picture twenty first and how do we
get it back
and speaking about partnership when
people want to publish a picture
we publish our other one or change the
description how do we start
updates let's talk about provisioning
which is basically a fast way of looking
where to run a difference there are two
high-level patterns when you want to use
high diversity wraps every variant first
one is where your application doesn't
have a baby first beside your defense is
from somewhere else it would be the same
user people's or animals somewhere in
development research and your output
signal pattern is when your app and that
you just note are one in the same and
that's the fastest affecting service
when you wanna give us the second
service each act and the other
restructure database you can sell for
you infrastructure by installing going
FS you can pick 3d wineries or beautiful
sources if you have bigger needs such as
your data set does not feel singled out
or you want more advanced features for
managing incest
you want to ensure that people copies
notes then you want to deploy that give
this cluster on top of NGO activist
notes more advanced features that we
don't won't go into that entire courses
so if you are interested in deploying IP
physics researcher place and go ideas go
collected in its today after this course
and also if you want to learn more about
active as faster this vector P and Tiger
survivors and I please could you show
them shortages of course you don't need
I'm there long it's such a pain or you
some providers
there are cloud providers thoughts you
some either free access to free services
central slapback way completely or
basically services when we get some free
space to experiment and then you can
decide do you want to continue pay
paying people or run your own research
and even Microsoft provides driver City
centric version of would you name that
forgive us example of that they taking
me daily run local not in the app talks
with over a standard in practice its
textured photos is a good example of
mobile app which in the uses under the
biographers and there's entire
as you don't need to an entire directive
has binary you can make your customized
view and there's a pretty cool example
of I could slide which can be used for
fetching which especially some box and
putting some network you can also
purchase a difference and you can embed
it anywhere in any web context that's
the keyword reserve that could be like
some not purchase in all application
when you run a web browser internist
amputations around transports and
discovery methods I think for coffee
this exercise to the standard is just
what's available for Jessica thousand
articles for jsapi FS there are
differences between Jessica's managing
web browser and cranny keynote so if you
run not or go gosh
you have access to TCP transport
however browser is impossible to
establish disagreement relations we use
WebSockets in that context and luckily
you can enable it and go after so we got
certificates so that way you get the
full transport coverage across both
implementations in all three runtimes
so web sockets are beautiful we are to
see lets you establish direct
point-to-point connections between
browser notes and thus working progress
and also go has a quick traffic
spermatic will transfer Desmond enable
we hope to see something here for
browsers may be related to web RTC at
some point of us this is the card states
work circuits are probably a signal
fault where are other differences that's
all however the takeaway for from this
basic course is that you will go up if s
invective context when performance or
additional features this is because it's
a default choice in web browser and they
were would work with jazz or or don't
need one of those advantages there is a
huge iterative of the protocol level
that API is the same transporter lock
this company works as well and soon we
will have the HD for now
jaesik because does not help engage me
that is why during the course we will
see how to discover that's a karate guys
I profess once we've give us come online
Enterprise which is a restaurant and you
can use it or interacting with your
local notes and doing these powers who
use some of those comments this is much
longer and did not they don't speak
about the same API six falls over HTTP
so that means when you start I give a
demo it will announce itself on multiple
parts for other nodes connect and it
will also open an HTTP port will take
the I there's a separate port gateway
which you can think about like a
read-only simplified safe API we will
talk about Gator detail I want I will
just single I give this command
executing ID which would return you
basic information about your not your
PID your addresses you execute that like
this I need to show you details about
you look around
however IGFs comment is also HDD clients
for our API certain point it at any
other API endpoint that it will execute
they come under such the big line so you
don't really need to use this command if
you don't want to you can NHD client you
ask the proper the proper course you can
use it if there was a freshness that
those constructs will give us an
interesting possibility so let's say you
have IP first running somewhere in the
cloud infrastructure and your
is connecting lead over API in
connection drinks with happens now you
can be fall back fall back when you're
automatically spawns and better Jason be
fast and seamless fashion and an example
of that
exactly we explore explore this
publication does not depend about
identity you just want to get some
blocks from the network and show them to
the user which is critical demonstration
of this its tries to connect the local
API if you are running it and you allow
to write if not it will transparently
fall back to another Jason if s and you
still be able to access the same assets
and exploded and now we are moving to
the demo application and the practical
part of our course and he go tell
everyone again so let's try to build and
while it would be something like what
you see on the screen will be really
simple we we have like six of exercises
into and the last one we like the flop
working hopefully everything goes well
so I'm going to ask you to get a
template for the then what go to this
URL you will have their link to get a
repo and I want you to clone that people
and basically run NPM start and open
also in your text editor on that forward
we also have the link there
[Music]
so the state that I want that everyone
has basically this a browser with with a
very bad motive in the other side your
text editor on the first exercise so if
you have any questions please raise your
hand and we will help you
okay are you able to do anything spot
and get to this page
yeah everyone won this helped got it
yeah cool
so let's go to the first exercise so
what we are gonna do now on exercising
one is basically connecting using the
API using our HTTP clients will connect
to a remote node we have one Running
Bear here genius one eats on his laptop
and we were convinced here is that it's
basically we have the daemon running we
have a PHP API and we give card connects
to this address so let's try to do
we have some also some resources with
the condition for the HTTP API and also
for the client itself okay so the
exercise is really simple disposable
service please
already done for you but Alice works is
basically like this relax you will have
some comments on every file at this one
we have to do to use and choose three on
this file and below each to do you will
always have a link this will take you to
the documentation so you can look a
little bit to it into it and basically
what we need to do is copy paste
whatever is in the communications just
so you get a feel about how this works
and how the our documentation works on
this one the first to do is to tell us
to add a script at the loading gauge to
be quiet
that basically loads the browser bundle
for the client and that's only been here
but if you go to the link you'll get two
instructions to do exactly the same now
this one the second to do what what what
we need is to connect that so here we
still need to do something because
disagreeing is what is wrong right it's
not the same as you can see on the
yellow stream so let's try to change the
IP and she's important to arrive asleep
on exercise one exercise one way over
there and then let's change the idea
he the board is also wrong this one and
save it should reload yeah we have what
you need
so the last to do of these synthesize is
use it to be blind to find the route the
demon ID so basically it's some basic
information
yes the is listening on the Aidid public
key the agent called the fact that those
where the documentation and we call
command like this you give me these
callbacks of promises and it's really
really see anyone has any questions for
this first exercise everyone did so you
okay so it depends on your use case so
you can do do you know how to set the
course don't want me to my materials
yeah okay so if you want we can continue
that after so let's go into the second
exercise which is basically doing the
same thing but using the embedded J's
liver we will be replacing HTTP clients
with the reneges
face we have some resources if you want
to look at it or we can just go into the
exercise number two you can always go
back if you click on the title keep good
to the exercise number two you go to the
second file fallibility VI dot HTML so
exactly like the first exercise gets
introduced we have some links to the
documentation and this one is not
already filled so we need to do it so
the first one you only saw at once
we need to go to that drink and get the
URL to create the script I'm on the
first right click go to the link and get
the the URL to do to the browser and
paste it into the file and then we go
into the second to do
[Music]
okay
so now we have the script tag again
if you have any problems to me any of
the tools just raise your hand and we
will help you so we get the script tag
after this you need to go to the second
to do which is basically initializing
and configure the GS demon here we have
one big difference between the clients
and the demon because in the services we
are running the full mold inside the
browser and we have some mutations in
transporting relevant so we need to use
a signal service so the browser can talk
to you the network anything as you can
see we have a little package called web
so start with basically this signaling
so the each browser connects you it
knows about all her peers in the network
and we need to use this one in the
configuration as we will see in a bit
and this one is run by Jim Pig right
over there he sells in the cover so the
point here is that anyone can run into
signaling services and it's easy to do
there's not much water inside of it so
it's there really simple so it's going
to the second to do we have two links
here let's click on the second one
because it's explained to you both
initialize a new configuration
[Music]
so right here we have configuration to
the signal service you can just copy it
over here we're not gonna use this one
when you use just base we save it and we
can already see peers so we are
connected to the network
anyone these help no you can always
follow the cold or look at the screen -
yeah there's no no after just this
William WebSockets or we want to see if
you don't know where to connect
you can even announce yourself like I
hear an excellent there's not okay guys
let's why my lungi tell pause let's do
the last step which we can actually just
go to exercise number one coffee because
it's exactly the same thing must the
same api to sing to face go to the
second one and just paste it in here
and hopefully we will get
yeah go so we have another different
difference here which is this event
right the HTTP client there was no
humanity because we were connecting to a
remote server the remote server is
already running
it's already started except no
connections at announcing itself in the
network and everything is already
running in the browser when we run a
full novel jet so we need to make any
minute to wait a little bit before going
to mass actually this command doesn't
actually need to wait for this event
just for the purpose of explaining on
how the complete API works normally we
need to wait for this event just make
sure that the network player is
initialized and at least we are making
the first connections the first history
of years
okay already golden Tom yeah went nice
so IP effects right it's a final season
and being a file system we should be
able to put some variables and files and
stuff on it so that's what we're gonna
do in the next exercise we have the
files API which is basically every
facade I can't
yesterday you had some courses that
hopefully explain explain to you how
this stuff works and then gonna use that
the for CPI but for more complex
structures you can also lose the use
that there's a good guy yeah he's busy
IPL week and relief you know what I
believe there's been some poster
sessions yesterday there's gonna be a
leap live today but yeah we're not gonna
go into it but it's there you can learn
more about ask us after about it so
let's go into an exercise about any
files how I think x was you basically
run nephew face tax month which works in
the terminal works as an API you can use
each client several ways to use the same
interface and if you write a file you
get s Yeti and content identifier right
and if you run the API you get the same
thing plus name plus the size this is
the condition here let's write to do it
you know in our exercise challenge 3 and
basically in the challenge 3 the only
thing we're gonna need is that first one
just told you this accepts phobics or
promises
and when you use drama so videos
async/await
if you know about JavaScript if you
don't know morning it's really simple to
me
you only need to copy the deadlines over
there to get sake
so let's wait to do it it's the way
let's go into exercise number three
let's get the third file which isn't
named add file and as you can see
everything you did before is already
there
you don't need to worry about it you
have a script tag you have this evening
service everything but the node is
already configured with the many events
now we all need to care about these
parts so again to do link documentation
go into the documentation and let's
figure out what files
the opposition explains what each input
you get all the options lots of
information and also right here you get
some examples and now to add files right
so the line we need is this one let's
stop it right right here and if you look
to the interval notation in this part
this is how the octopus so it's always
great with all the files that you see
any parts we just want so we get an
array so we need to to assign this value
to the CND right so we have the results
in a console log if you want just don't
forget what the S or remove the S this
just make sure it's right and now if you
go back to our little hat here we need
to do results we have an array one two
first one and we want - save it we save
it hopefully
what's wrong can you feel out what's
wrong
forgot to tell you about so I just copy
but I simply mix sometimes right how it
puts follow me across here and now I
want to tell you a little bit about file
that's why there is a dom file object
and we also support directly here so we
know don't need to go around under the
transform your your files if you are
doing an implode thingy like we are
doing now
so let's just remove here okay and let's
try to run the file okay
and we get to saving right then you
follow you have any questions and
problems raise your hands just try to
follow the golden swing he somehow
now going to the editor
okay so now that's you into reading
parts
it's basically the same thing but in
Reverse right we have a simple manner as
kept on time and if we all read the file
we get ready and we pass society to the
cats and we get far away same thing
using HTTP VI or as we gonna use in
browser counter programmatic interface
also there is no option both content
when you run your demon you can see that
this line here which is the gateway
gateway always you easily with only I
just open nothing else just to all the
content if you notice the ID you can use
this I like imports and you can build
your URL basically at be part / - / the
ID and you can see whatever the contents
inside the file and you can just load it
in the browser just like that
so let's go into cellphones forward yeah
again the only thing we are going we
need instead lying over there nothing
else if you want to see the dogs got the
dogs down there that's right
so back again this is for
okay so let's try to do this this is one
we have this one we have an extra step
that actually doesn't have comments
order to do it right up there we have
something related to the game you see
here we have gonna try to load in
English from our local demon and
directly from the Gator
so hopefully you already know how to
build and URL for both in the content
completely you have the awesome we were
there on the HTTP GET available and let
me just point here the CID will be here
so here we need to build the URL for our
content so let's use this
so here we have the awesome already
feeling for us and what what we need
it's basically /ip effects and CID
nothing else so as you can see
everything is there I strike seat we
then just close so we did the same as
last exercise we added the file
nom places right two loads directly Oh
doesn't work see
and close but we still missing something
we need to load it from our replay right
and you can go to the link and see the
options and now I'll cat command works
you're gonna do it quickly here it's
just as the one before okay
we need to send sending to see ad save
it hopefully right okay so did you
manage to follow up until this point in
the world that both images sometimes
they give me a little longer because
it's figure out how to get to because
the gateway is use the public our public
gateway actually when it loads is
finished it first needs to go into the
browser
the indexeddb of the browser gets all
the locks for that image and then since
file the image we do the full circle so
okay
no no questions no problems I mean helps
to get to this one's although yes
so now we need a way to track the place
by naming things right
of course we mean so this thing takes us
to a penis
we need a spectacle in to the content
bath idea festival tool so if we change
the content this CA will always be
different so if you wanna do the OCR
websites b9 confess or something like
that if you change anything on your site
the site changes so how can we like
maintain a static name or a static
pointer to our content we're not going
to like handouts CID is every time we
change our website right so we have a
naming system again s basically B we get
again as /aa the action forward the wiki
which is basically pointed to our
content you can also have rhythm or
lames using Vienna sling so we don't use
any action any ash and you can also get
to the content the API looks like this
it's may be published when you publish
you wanna publish a CV and you get back
IPS pop with the key a so this one is
the multiple one right the Sienese an
mp3 assignment will add Venice smooth
basically a multiple pointer we multiple
content and we when you want to resolve
you try to resolve your key yeah me and
you get back itself so what about like
we I want to publish different
because this this key here by default if
you don't set up anything else is the
key for your IP effects instance when
you initialize your assistance you
create a pair of keys and this one
without any for the setup is that is the
key is actually in that public key so we
need we are going much make more than
one thing right so we have only be
effortless you can generate several keys
you can name those keys
then we when you publish we just pass in
the name you can do multiple publishers
and you can use F key pairs associated
with each of the pointers to the content
so let's see if we manage to we also
will have deep diatonic today about it
so if you wanna learn more about it has
a challenge number five obtaining the
multiple pointer with a connects so
again really easy just don't immediately
is that line over there nothing else
that's going in into the exercise one
five
as you can see everything that we do the
little now it's here right now the only
thing we care about is this last part
right to follow on your engines
we'll need this part as you can see
we're gonna call the polishing part so
what we need here is to polish we need
12 sincerely and this Yeti will be in
this variable so we need to run the
command passing the CID and see what
what happens but the link you can go and
check the documentation just meant
publish to see Abby okay so the output
for the the published command is an
object with keeping and another key
really that what we need for this last
part this is the output that we want
want to build this frame with the with
the name which is our and this year the
value which is our CID so I'm gonna do
structure in JavaScript if you don't
know what disease in worried about it's
not the point of this talk teachable
down the street
[Music]
you just copy what's on the screen okay
saves it okay so now we're gonna do all
the steps again the objective at the end
is that we close our avatar here we can
see the other time we just close it and
then we're gonna build our profile we're
gonna write our names here we're gonna
get the CD for the avatar in this box
we're gonna copy paste here we can write
something about us here and then you're
gonna add everything together to like
the effects this is form kids - it's a
little Jason and then we add this Jason
itself and after that we gotta polish
and when we publish the will show up
here right because this is all it's the
list of beers and as we I explained to
you when we publish if we don't passing
any option we publish as our default via
writing our key pair is our default plae
and we publish as our default PME so we
will show up hopefully in this side on
the dashboard if everything goes wrong
so I'm gonna try and I'm already there
No so again shoes
picture brown we're gonna get the idea
here
copy go down again just here I come from
and then I'm gonna act like this you can
see the Jason here is the data
yeah I think my PFS and now we get to
CID for that data this anyway we don't
need to cover this it anywhere just it's
all hooked up already just need to click
the publish button then hopefully if we
manage to publish
okay
I mean
I did something wrong
so what value oh thank you again so now
we already see some of you there
hopefully again if you have any
questions to get to this point raise
your hand you want to see all the other
avatars are there
okay yeah and if I'm already on my
computer on the left dashboard hopefully
on your computer sue alongside everyone
else so anyhow to get to this point
no over oops managed to it's this one
yeah so what you manage - yeah
we go back to the dashboard and yeah so
if you have any question right now I
swung I cool so you have any questions
just we have some time now until we
finish them yeah we have like 10 15
minutes any questions you are here to
understand the question was how so
basically there's a swarm here which
this of all the peers you know is
connected so the way we get those
services is that's run in juice because
the sensors what's cool about this our
limitations that you can have multiple
ones for the purpose of this course
which is one that gives us this nice
that part who are here otherwise we
would use their publicly the ones or us
we would get
so we have like a small subset just for
this to make it easier for you out but
you can have multiple ones and as long
as at least one selects ever a works you
will and in case if you were running
like go if s or Jason if hasn't even not
in the browser but you know then you get
those schemes from HD you can also be
seen on several but you have access to
me yes it's an inactive s we have a
thing called what we call the repo you
have like several their source for these
different purposes and one of them is to
store the keys and you want you can even
work other commands the key namespace
that allowing you to export on my equal
theologies so you have full control
[Music]
do you know how many the types of keys
we support right now this was at least
yes
[Music]
and change the type when you women
generate you keep you can be both also
you can switch in the future as numerous
years because transparent institution
anyone generate change in G changing
chords much disparity here I need that
we could see it on the screen before the
just multi-touch which have predicts
which was self describing he told you
was poverty issues and soon our approach
for keys but the gives you that is there
there is no like multi formats while
also lost is not like the other types of
representation like screen
representations like the others the keys
itself it's just the keys the output
right used to that after represents like
the PID which is or the agonist I need
which means the ash and then with those
were representations we are we have a
thing called formats that we call of all
this information with specific in a
specific way so we can upgrade in the
future - leave stuff answer more
questions
no ok so hope you liked it and we will
wrap it up thank you guys
you
[Applause]